  Government abdication of responsibility on personal use gobsmacking.   Finance Minister deserves praise  The economy numbers are good.   We built the film industry, we subsidised it - and Hollywood came.   In 36 years in this business have I ever been silenced on anything? Comment  Phil Twyford surely must by now be having reservations, if not nightmares. Comment  It seems these days we are awash with groups formed as a result of issues.   KiwiBuild's the one major policy that haunts this Government. Comment  Workplace law reforms may come back to haunt the coalition, says Mike Hosking.   Kiwis think that they are too good for seasonal work.   It's the same tired series of so-called experts saying the same old tired things.   What will the PM say when an inquiry finds motorists aren't being 'fleeced'? Comment  What is bullying? Who decides?   History shows that the less tax promised the more popular you are with voters.   Minister's 'absolute discretion' turned out to be absolute bollocks.   The Greens are rabid, Labour's hitched to unions that are nothing but trouble.   Kids don't bike to school, they're driven due to traffic, lifestyle, distance.     Is it politically wise to continue to insist this is a social assistance scheme?   We need to get a grip - our All Black expectations are hopelessly unrealistic. If we think we are a player here, we are dreaming.   Incendiary group of parade people are riddled with angst, anger, resentment.   Shane Jones has to take himself a lot more seriously if he expects others to.   Let's not panic or overanalyse a loss - it's not the end of the world. Comment  Justice is highly complex ... and calamity is rarely simple.   KiwiBuild is for six-figure salary earners, graduate doctors and executives.   Lowest unemployment in a decade and an economy charging full steam ahead. Banking inquiry a political witch-hunt against industry which has served us well.   Media have done for the govt and Lees-Galloway what he couldn't or wouldn't.   We live in a world of too many reports, inquiries and conspiracies.     Iain Lees-Galloway's had so much wool pulled over eyes you could call him Shrek.   This thing is growing legs because Kiwis have an inherent sense of fairness.   The simple truth is, deep down, we all perceive certain tasks as gender specific.   Overall we are a country where corruption and scandal appear to be kept at bay. The three-headed monster the previous government warned of has been nowhere to be seen.   Brendon Hartley is heroic, he shows determination, and professionalism.   Jami-Lee Ross' credibility is shot. He is exposed. He is a busted flush.   Ross has done the right thing by everyone in quitting and not dragging this out.   Bridges is toast if today doesn't go his way in caucus. Comment  Talent needs to be valued, and the reality is all talent is not the same.   There is more to the rising prices than profiteering by oil companies. Comment  It's a sorry state of affairs ... but the market has failed.   New figures suggest KiwiBuild homes are barely any cheaper than other sales.   PM had the chance to clear the decks, explain fully and come clean. She didn't.   National's leader made an abysmal job of explaining what is going on.   Is MMP perfect? No system is - so theoretically that makes it open to change.   Who supplies Labour's Leader's Budget? We do. It's all taxpayer money.   As acting PM Peters was widely seen as a success. Ardern just looks rattled.   Naivety and inexperience is dogging this Government.   Ending exploration licences will destroy revenue and jobs.   The PM is drip feeding info and is dogged by domestic woes in New York.   No wonder teachers find life so tough - it's the little snots in the classroom   A tale of NZ's two biggest companies - one's flying high, one's mired in mud.   For all the distractions new figures show economy is performing well. Comment  'You'd like to think she'd quit. I hope the uni doesn't give her the chance.'   This is why the GDP number matters.   Parents have the right to send kids to the school that's the best fit for them.   Yes, the All Blacks can be beaten, but it takes an awful lot to do it.   Curran is a disgrace, Ardern is, yet again, being shown to be weak and absent.   Deaf ear to business on planned labour reforms no surprise at all.   If you want to learn Māori, learn it. But don't make it compulsory.   Curran did the right thing, but has highlighted how Ardern didn't.
